Avri integration config flow (#13008)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/avri.markdown

## Configuration

> To enable this sensor, go to Configuration >> Integrations in the UI and enable the Avri integration by entering your address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the `avri` sensor to your installation, go to **Configuration** >> **Integrations** in the UI, click the button with `+` sign and from the list of integrations select **Avri**.
```
